hello I 'm martrix that's exactly
Welcome to a new video today
there are times after half an eternity
a nuclear gameplay from me this time
multi team kill confirmed on yemen
the wonderfully strong at 490 I have
by the way with the sl scorpion and
played one of his clan members
and people have noticed a thing
somehow it's really easy now
become in black ops 2
to reach a nuclear mine
not the whole of the beginnings in
black ops have two comparisons back then
I always attack a reign with
the farmer played you away with the pgw
By now she is better again
but there was a time
There she was so shitty and I got it
the weapon so highly praised as well
In any case I have always
always played on the throne so
Orbital satellites of the form in the best
case I had completely unconscious in
nuclear was done because then
really nuclear, what is it?
he would at least mean it to me
and if I really jump right up
The nuclear wants to play then you have
keep free for all searched then still with
the bouncing betty or the claim in
combination with founder there then the
taken drone and you had it
In the best case n'dour da bouncing
betis still make some kills you do
kills himself and hopes for a 30 0
with it then in the end in the player
statistics to see the nuclear medal
although they are not in game at all
That's why it was so
always not so cool thing but
Apparently, this trend is gone, I have
Almost nobody is playing more in the ground
attack properly on nuclear 1
today is cutting-edge multi team being
I already heard that in
ultimate many try harder on the go
are in the act of doing already too well known
it's about the same as with the
hipsters that the mode actually only
still every departure because you actually
German always finds that exactly
we try the same one ourselves
namely to reach nucleus and me
really missed something you know
yes people I have months now
Monthly break made the view
two especially on the console
when I arrive the day I do the whole thing
has been playing the way I believe two hatch yes
even each one was not comfortable for months
gambled although I have such a long time
made a break
after a bit of a game is me
then the nuclear I succeeded
did not think it was that easy
but people it is really easy
Firstly , only by the strong
weapon was me first time one
really fat yes the typical try harder
put it straight to the heart and
then of course with a bit
permanent orbital satellite is the whole thing
really no problem but a thing
But it is good if you have fun
kohlelobby finds and I really have to
say and I say that I too
mine if you really are not regular
in black ops 2 or just in the
current cod part in it is then
you miss a lot while you think
always yes in the cio de da is always everything
equal
but if you take the last actions now
a bit from the developers
I follow my all the patches
Also example of the patch from the PGW or
even the storm rifles became one
hochputputscht long time I think her
have all noticed even better
has himself or here too
Recently with the sniper nerf where even
Some people are therefore threatened by death
to have thrown a head
a bit crass or how to get that
comments what actually thinks about it
then you realize that in any case already
cod black ops 2 has changed that
Maybe it's just part of it
special bit more extreme like the
other
but you still have to
that also because of the
community because of the youtube community
just that i just play the game
fun or the game pretty much
changes meanwhile you play completely
other modes in the beginning was still multi
team thinks you 're more like it
or less something new and nowadays
Of course, almost every mode is included
the popular almost every player
of course, with a few exceptions halt
because of the
unwanted people so if you do not
good lobbies will definitely
I claim you really have to
Be there regularly to get it right
cash registers overestimated, so to speak
So if you can really be one
wants to be awesome with the gameplay
I want to assert that if you do
Now a little break makes that one
Immediately only fucking gameplays has instantly
Because I have mine with me it is ready
then otherwise, and I mean mine
We are not the gameplay now
shit fool but still shit
nice to look at and you know because
I will always go to theory ghost
still maybe the one or the other
play another world premiere
Well let's have a look and I mean you
just have to be there regularly
It's the same as in sports. You always have to be fit
stay up to date
which one had to take preparations or
how best to train with it
you are always fit and on the way
it stays the same and that's just how it should be
actually be on a cod
I do not know, maybe you also know
you have finished this situation too
a break made for me it was so
early spring I just had that
do not bother anymore on black ops 2
maybe it's the same with you
and if so write me your
Opinion in the comments
that would interest me very much
it was actually with the
video today a little spontaneous
commentary with a little spontaneous
I hope, of course , he is
failed if you liked it
Of course you can do a rating there
to let
that's it i think i'm in now
cee oligo in any case maybe it
go through in any case
playing regularly will be so bad
I think black ops 2 is not cod
Although a bit monotonous but
if you do not argue so badly now
already fun you know yes I am one
Worth a little better mood
whatever the next thing
times people look and adiós